Document how to view application-specific logs throug Android Studio/adb (#208)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/debugging.md

- There are a couple different ways in which to send pings through the GleanDebugActivity.
    1. You can use the `GleanDebugActivity` in order to tag pings and trigger them manually using the UI.  This should always produce a ping with all required fields.
    2. You can use the `GleanDebugActivity` to tag _and_ send pings.  This has the side effect of potentially sending a ping which does not include all fields because `sendPings` triggers pings to be sent before certain application behaviors can occur which would record that information.  For example, `duration` is not calculated or included in a baseline ping sent with `sendPing` because it forces the ping to be sent before the `duration` metric has been recorded.

## Glean Log messages

Glean logs warnings and errors through the Android logging framework.

> When running a Glean-powered app in the Android emulator or on a device connected to your computer via cable, there are several ways to read the log output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a Glean-powered app in the Android emulator or on a device connected to your computer via cable, there are several ways to read the log output.
```

### Android Studio

Android Studio can show the logs of a connected emulator or device.
To display the log messages for an app:

1. Run an app on your device.
2. Click **View > Tool Windows > Logcat** (or click **Logcat** in the tool window bar).

The Logcat window will show all log messages and allows to filter those by the application ID.
Select the application ID of the product you're debugging.

More information can be found in the [View Logs with Logcat][] help article.

> [View Logs with Logcat]: https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/am-logcat

Reviewer 2: It is worth mentioning that you can also filter on "Glean"?

Author: Good point. Let me add that.

### Command line

On the command line you can show all of the log output using:

```
adb logcat
```

This is the unfiltered output of all log messages.
You can match for `glean` using grep:

```
adb logcat | grep -i glean
```

> A simpler way to filter for only the application to debug is using [pidcat][], a wrapper around `adb`, which adds colors and proper filtering by application ID and log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple way to filter for only the application that is being debugged is by using [pidcat][], a wrapper around `adb`, which adds colors and proper filtering by application ID and log level.
```
